Deployment Guides Improved (#20004)
netdata/netdata: docs/deployment-guides/README.md

# Deployment Guide

Netdata provides real-time monitoring for various infrastructure types, from small IoT devices to complex hybrid environments that combine on-premise and cloud infrastructure. It supports bare-metal servers, virtual machines, and containers.

## Core Components of a Netdata Deployment

A Netdata deployment consists of three main components:

### 1. Netdata Agents

> Netdata Agents collect real-time metrics from the physical or virtual nodes in your infrastructure, including applications and containers running on them. These agents are open-source and licensed under GPL v3+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netdata Agents collect real-time metrics from your infrastructure's physical or virtual nodes, including applications and containers running on them. They are open-source and licensed under GPL v3+.
```
